there's still a beautiful rainbow
responsible for making that rainbow come
to fruition for Yahowah.
You see,
the rainbow was presented by Yahowah as the
sign of the covenant.
If you recall in his discussions with us
about a man named Noach,
who means a guide,
he
ended the cruise on the floodwater’s with
this rainbow as the sign of the covenant.
And what's so beautiful about the story of
Noach is that
He was unique among the people living at
the time.
He lived between Lake Van and the Black
Sea.
And the area was in the immediate
proximity to where Eden had been and where
Adam and Chawah were escorted out of the
garden.
And they were unique among humans at the
time.
They were unique.
thousands upon thousands of Homo sapiens
living around the garden at that time,
which is why it was walled.
But the thing that made Adam unique and
therefore Chawah was the existence of a
neshamah, a conscience.
It is the thing that causes humans to
be different than other animals and that
we have the capacity to exercise good
judgment.
We can think, we can be moral.
We can filter through information and
deduce intelligent and reasoned decisions.
It is the thing which means that no
matter how many
Processors they throw at AI.
A single wise man will always out-think the
computers when it comes to the things that
matter most.
And it is via our conscience that we
can do this.
Noah and his wife and his three sons
and their wives, eight all total,
were unique in that they had distanced
themselves from the Naphilylym.
The Naphilylym were the reason that God
wanted to not only flood that region,
but also was weary that he'd even
conceived mankind.
You see,
Nephal, upon which Naphilylym is the plural,
speaks of fallen.
And it is insightful because it relates to
what happened in the garden when
Yahowah made the decision to cause the fall
of man because the first man didn't pass
muster.
He just didn't measure up.
God wanted him to do things that he
was unwilling to do.
He was not a good listener.
He was not particularly observant as to
what was happening around him,
meaning that he was
no fun to spend time with.
He was not responsive to what God had
to say,
and he was a bit of a dependent
as opposed to being one who's engaged,
contributing to the relationship,
making a difference, making things better.
He didn't much like work.
And so God recognized that
Adam was never going to be interesting,
never was going to grow up,
never was going to develop any character,
and would never have an opportunity to
demonstrate that he was capable of falling
and getting back up,
showing that he could be trusted.
And so it was Yahowah who caused the
fall of man for these reasons,
recognizing that the only chance that
humanity had to...
earn God's trust so that he could take
us off of this planet and show us
the rest of the universe,
which is his desire,
was for us to be out of the
coddled confines of Eden.
And so it just did not go well.
The next thousand years or so was brutal.
God explained that the Naphilylym,
which does not mean giants,
it means the fallen, were Hamas.
Yeah, the name of the terrorist group,
Hamas.
They were violent terrorists.
They were ruthless.
They were religious.
They had degraded in a very short time
to being horrible.
And many of these people lived in and
around the Black Sea,
which was freshwater at the time,
about five hundred feet shallower than it
is today.
And so God despaired and said, you know,
given mankind two opportunities now,
this is not working out.
I am I wish I hadn't even created
human humankind.
But he said, you know,
I'm going to give it one shot here.
I want to reboot the system and see
if they will eventually be able to do
better.
And God's actual testimony is that there
will be an upwelling of deep seawater that
would cause this regional flood throughout
this area.
And we now find that the Burckle Impact
Crater off not far from the mouth of
the Tigris-Euphrates Rivers,
that it caused a five hundred foot tsunami
to raise up through this region through
enough
moisture up into the air to create this
long forty day deluge that followed.
And what it did is at that time,
and we have proof of this,
it buried the communities around the Dead
Sea,
which is the first human civilizations,
bad as they may have been,
buried them under five hundred feet of
water and turned a freshwater lake into
one that was saltwater and then ran out
the Bosporus Strait.
The thing that is so amazing about the
story is not only once you know how
God said it would be initiated with the
deep upwelling of seawater,
and you recognize that the proof is
ubiquitous that that's what happened in
this area right at that time,
and that you know the story of God
causing the fall of man and the
in the garden and then these people known
as Naphilylym,
you learn a lot about what God doesn't
like and what he's trying to achieve.
And Noach plays such an important role in
all of this because what Noach was noted
for doing was listening to Yahowah and then
doing as God had asked.
Really a simple equation, isn't it?
He did what Adam did not do.
He listened to God and then engaged,
doing as God had asked.
And so with Noah,
God was able to prove that it was
possible.
And therefore he put Noah in a position
to save his family if he was willing
to work at it, to build that ark,
to save the animals that he dearly loved
in that region, and then tell us that,
well, these eight people,
convey a story that should resonate with
you so that you know what it is
that I'm seeking.
So if you want to get off this
planet and go explore the universe with
Yahowah, you know what you need to do.
Listen and then engage.
So it's a really important story.
And the fact that there were eight of
them,
what that is telling us is that with
the two being one,
being Noach and his wife,
and then the others making a total of
eight,
that God would have two people that would
be part of his story that would marshal
end this new opportunity for the covenant
family to thrive,
which is the symbol of the covenant,
that rainbow.
And that as a result of God doing
that, at the end of the, excuse me,
the seventh epoch of man,
apart from the garden,
which will begin in year twenty thirty
three with your six thousand and go to
your seven thousand.
Yeah, that during that period,
we're going to have the opportunity to
calibrate.
this mortal remnant of Yisrael who are
going to be spared by Yahowah on Taruwah,
September twenty third and twenty fourth
of twenty thirty three,
so that they can witness Yahowah's return
with his beloved son Dowd on Kipurym,
the second of October of twenty thirty
three.
And then we are allowed back into the
garden with Yahowah terraforming the entire
earth so that the conditions are
replicated that were experienced in Gan
Eden.
And as that occurs,
and we have this opportunity to enable
people to pass muster, to listen to God,
to be observant, to be responsive,
to act and engage, to make a contribution,
and then demonstrate that if they make a
mistake,
they're willing to correct it and move on
from there.
Fall and then stand up again.
We'll have a thousand years to get there.
them right so that God can take these
individuals off this planet and go explore
the vastness of the universe together.
And that is what that rainbow represents.
And it's appropriate for it to be of
light because it breaks light into seven
fundamental colors of red, orange, yellow,
green, blue, indigo, and violet.
And showing the variations of life and
light in those seven colors,
we see this menorah that is spinning over
my shoulder here,
where we took those seven lights and we
reflected them in the same colors of the
rainbow.
because they not only represent the colors
of light,
which is what Yahowah is transferring us
into,
transforming our physical body so that we
become energy and light enveloping our
souls during the process of the seven Mow'ed
Miqrah,
represented by each of the lights on that
candelabra over my shoulder,
the symbol of Yahowah.
And they are Pesach, Matsah, and Bikuwrym,
which Dowd fulfilled in thirty-three CE.
Shabuwah, Taruwah, Kipurym, and Sukah.
So this is God's story,
and it is all emblazoned in the colors
of that rainbow,
if you know how to view it.
So I thought I would share that with
you as we continue.
These are amazing times.
I had a long conversation with my youngest
son today,
and he is in his late thirties now
and is thinking how just desperate times
have become.
that his dad was right when he told
him how rapidly things were going to decay
and how little time we humans had left
to get our relationship right with God.
And he now realizes that all of these
things that were foretold were true.
And you now have very little time.
We are a hundred and thirty seven days,
a little less than that at this moment.
from entering the time of Israel's
troubles,
which is going to be devastating for the
entire world.
And I'm here to tell you emphatically,
not only is Trump going to betray Israel
and force a Fakistanian state,
a state of Islamic terror on Israel,
all to postpone the ultimate decline and
demise of the petrodollar,
a matter of a few more months is
what he will get for sacrificing
Israel for the sake of the US deficit.
The moves that are being made,
particularly now,
is not only invasion of Venezuela and
stealing the country's resources.
When China was the largest investor in
Venezuela and was helping them develop
their
oil extraction technology and
transportation as well as silver and other
rare earth extraction and distribution so
they could actually survive under the
pressure of U.S.
sanctions for the U.S.
to go in and steal it and also
kidnap one of the most important of all
Chinese diplomats in the process and steal
the silver and steal the silver mines and
now lay claim
to the oil has put china in a
position where china must respond you see
china has trillions of dollars invested in
its uh rodent belt initiative
This Belt and Road Initiative is such that
China has made huge investments in
countries around the world.
And China's investments are of a very
different nature than America's,
rather than threatening countries and
telling them that they must do business in
the dollar and they must obey our edicts.
And if they don't,
we'll replace the government and
will threaten them, will sanction them.
I mean, the U.S.
has been belligerent,
which has paved the way for China to
form so many business deals around the
world.
I'm not pretending that China is not
malevolent.
I'm just telling you that the way they
do business is perfectly sensible,
and it is as follows.
They will go into a country that doesn't
have the overall economic
capability to develop its natural
resources or its harbors or its roads or
its railroads or other types of
infrastructure like power generation.
And it will cut a deal with that
country.
And the deal is pretty much always the
same,
which is that if you pay the very
low interest loan back for China
developing your infrastructure,
And particularly infrastructure like,
again, dams, power generation, roads,
harbors, and the like, mines,
and oil extraction facilities and
distribution, refinery,
and these sorts of things that if you
pay over the course of the loan,
your loan back with your percentage of the
proceeds of these developments,
then they're yours to keep.
and you'll work with China and other
countries and enjoying the benefits.
If you don't pay your loan back,
then China simply gets title to whatever
it was that China built in your country.
still in your country you can still use
it but china has sway over uh its
ultimate um benefits so uh it's a
perfectly fair deal you still have the
harbor that functions but china owns that
harbor at that uh at that point and
china has done this throughout the world
all to unite the world around an
alternative to the us dollar as a reserve
currency in the belligerence
of the United States.
And so when the United States stole
Venezuela,
where China was the largest investor,
some seventy billion dollars in their
mining industry and oil extraction
industry and other infrastructures within
Venezuela,
and then kidnapped a lead Venezuelan
diplomat,
China was in a position where they either
roll over and play dead,
which is to tell everyone that is part
of that Belt and Road Initiative that you
do a deal with China.
And if the United States comes in and
is belligerent and kidnaps your leaders
and steals your country,
then you get nothing.
And you're inviting the United States to
attack you under those circumstances.
All of that investment is for naught.
And there are not many leaders that are
going to make that kind of deal.
And so China is in a position where
they must stand up for Venezuela.
And they must stand up for what's right.
And they don't.
They lose everything that they have
invested in.
And so China, quite frankly,
has told the United States that you either
return Maduro, you end your blockade,
you remove your troops,
You return the country back to the
Venezuelans and you end the U.S.
sanctions.
Or the consequence to the United States
will be grievous because this is a
grievous attack on China.
And while China is in a position now
where I believe that a kinetic war between
China and the U.S., kinetic war,
aircraft carrier, aircraft fighting,
aircraft carrier, submarine to submarine,
fighter to fighter, bomber to bomber,
missile to missile,
interceptor by comparison between the
nations, artillery, troops,
all of that sort of thing.
Well, I think that today,
by its manufacturing prowess and its most
recent technological advancements and its
access to rare earths and that sort of
thing,
that a kinetic war between
The US and China,
if it were to exist for any length
of time, would be won by China.
Because if the United States loses an
aircraft carrier,
it would be fifteen years before they can
replace it.
If that aircraft carrier is damaged,
it'd be ten years before it can come
back to sea.
And China outproduces the US,
three hundred and fifty to one on large
ships, three hundred and fifty to one.
Not three times more.
I mean, not even, you know,
thirty percent more, not three times more.
By three hundred and fifty times more.
Not three hundred and fifty percent more.
Three hundred and fifty times more
tonnage.
And is superior to the United States in
the manufacturing of virtually everything.
And so in a prolonged war,
a war of attrition.
china wins hands down and in a war
of uh if it were to go nuclear
both countries lose so there's no point in
it so china is in a position I
think it has to right now an eight
trillion dollar uh nest egg to uh to
deploy against the united states in
assets and currencies and valuable
commodities other than the dollar.
It has reduced its dollar holdings
substantially.
It was in the process this year of
completely eliminating all dollar holdings
and all U.S.
asset in the United States,
liquidating everything in the United
States over the next ten months was the
edict.
with their gold reserves now,
silver reserves now,
which are extraordinary,
and investments in other countries and
commodities.
China is in a position where it can
bankrupt the US and survive it.
China also has a full year supply of
food beyond its own internal production.
It has a full year's supply of virtually
every commodity,
including a fuel reserve of a full year
beyond its own production and its
allegiances with nearby countries like
Iran and Russia.
So China is in a position where they
can dump their remaining treasury bills
and put the United States into default.
They are in a position where they can
use cyber warfare to take down America's
power grids and satellites.
They're in a position to control access to
the raw materials that are necessary for
an economy to function.
I'm starving the US economy.
they are in a position where the computers
and electronic devices and telephones and
all these manner of things that were that
are now made in china will just be
embargoed from the us and so that's the
thing that trump didn't think through when
he and those around him establishing the
fourth Reich
decided to be like Hitler and attack
Poland.
Excuse me, Venezuela.
That's what has happened.
And this is what's going to be the
consequence.
Within a matter of years,
the US will be bankrupt.
And there is no avoiding it.
And all we have done is exacerbate the
problem.
And now you've got Trump on the cusp
of eliminating NATO,
which I would be fine if we weren't
part of NATO anymore.
We're not we, but the US,
we're not part of NATO anymore.
But he has threatened to take over
Greenland.
There's only fifty seven thousand people
on Greenland.
Obviously, it's also it's
incredibly sparse.
I mean,
I don't know if they have ten trees
on the island.
It's the largest island in the world.
And I don't know if they have ten
trees on the island.
It's really sparse.
But the rocky outcroppings in the
mountains are gorgeous.
And
the biggest city is uh twenty thousand
people um we've got more people on this
island here in the middle of the Caribbean
sea than they have in their largest city
uh and uh and they're it's beautifully
picturesque with all the colorful little
houses uh and you know they have uh
uh some odd settlements are around this
country which is the least densely
possible populated place on earth and so
how
Trump wants it because he's back into the
Battleship era that large presence,
I guess,
means something and thinks that you are
somehow impervious to Russian missiles if
you have Greenland as a defense.
You know,
Canada is a bigger territory to go over,
and the Canadians just told the U.S.
to go to hell when it relates to
integrating the Arctic part of Canada into
NATO and the United States defense
capability.
Canada said, no,
we're just not going to turn that over
to you.
We're not going to integrate with you.
And so you don't really gain much.
by picking up Greenland.
And I'm here to tell you that the
submarines don't need to operate up there.
The most lethal of the Russian submarines
now carry Poseidon nuclear torpedoes that
travel at incredible underground speeds,
and they create a nuclear tsunami that
takes out any city near the coast.
And so having Greenland doesn't do
anything.
other than tell the world that you're
belligerent.
And that's where we are.
So I think it's important that you have
an appreciation of where we are at this
time,
that the fact that the time of troubles
begins in very, very short order.
And that there's only one way off this
planet alive,
and that's to form a relationship with
Yahowah.
And he is the one who inspired the
words we're considering here now as part
of the Eighty-Ninth Psalm.
It is the Song of Dowd.
It is Yahowah singing his son's praises.
Now, speaking of him, he says,
his offspring and that which he sows.
Zarowa, his descendants, his posterity,
his family, and his seed,
and that which he propagates,
will exist and endure forever.
The reason that that just alone is so
important is that Christians,
because of the lives of Paul,
would have their faithful believe that
Paul was right when he said that the
entire Torah and the entire experience of
Israel could be completely neglected
because seed was singular,
as if this was a case that a
single person was going to be a
beneficiary of Down.
It was a ludicrous idea, but nonetheless,
that was Paul's plan,
is that because the seed of Abraham was
going to receive blessings from God,
that you could bypass Israel and bypass
the Torah and go directly to his mythical
misnomer, Jesus, the man-God.
But the problem, of course,
is that that's not what God said.
And second,
Here,
we now have another promise regarding
seed.
So you can't skip from Abraham passed the
Jews to Mr. Christ,
when a fellow who lived a thousand years
before the myth of Mr.
Christ was conceived is also the
beneficiary of the same statement where it
says his offspring and that which he sows
will exist and endure forever.
That's absolute proof that Paul lied.
If you want to be informed and rational,
he lied.
If you want to believe,
then that's your problem.
You have to believe that which is untrue.
So it stows offspring,
and that which he sows,
which will exist and endure forever.
That being the case, guess what?
There can't be any Jesus.
And his place of honor,
his dignity and authority,
as well as his adornment, his throne,
his seat of sovereign leadership,
and his powers from Kise’,
will be as brilliant as the sun before
me.
Naged Ani, my conspicuous counterpart.
Mizmowr, eighty-nine thirty-six.
Wow.
I mean, just wow.
Do you have any idea how powerful that
is?
So God is saying of this one man
that he has called his beloved son.
He has said, I'm his father,
he's my son.
He has called this man his chosen one.
He has specifically said on three
occasions already that the man that I'm
talking about, his name is Dowd.
That's the actual name of the person known
today as David.
He says that he personally mashyach him,
anointed him the Messiah.
He says that his throne and his position
of honor were going to endure forever and
be measured as time is measured in the
spiritual domain of the heavens,
which is as light, which means eternally.
He said of Dowd that he is not
only the exemplar of the covenant,
but that the covenant's benefits are
literally delivered by what Dowd achieved,
making him our Savior.
He said that Dowd is the Zarowa,
the Passover lamb.
All in this testimony,
and now he's saying that the verbal root
of Zarowa, which is...
sowing seeds and offspring,
having a prosperous and productive
harvest, Zerah.
He is saying that it's Dowd's offspring,
that which he sows,
that are going to exist and endure
forever.
Well, you know,
Dowd did a lot of things.
Farming is not one of them.
He was a great shepherd.
He was a tremendous warrior.
He was the greatest of kings.
He was a superlative songwriter.
He was a great lover as well.
But farmer, not so much.
So guess what?
God's not talking about sowing actual
seeds.
No,
Dowd is talking about the results of what
he has done.
And when you consider what did Dowd do
that would result in having offspring,
if your mind is open,
if you're paying attention to the Torah,
you know.
Pesach Matsah Bikuwrym.
Pesach opened the doorway to life,
will endure and exist forever.
That only happens when somebody opens the
doorway to life.
Pesach is the doorway to life.
I'm hearing the roar of a very loud
plane behind me.
It's exceedingly annoying,
not because of the noise.
But because these loud airplanes are
typically U.S.
spook planes and military planes,
the spooks that went in and kidnapped
Maduro and were spies in Venezuela landed
their gaggle of blacked out large aircraft
here on Croix.
prior to invading Venezuela.
And they don't normally fly during the
day.
These things mostly like to sneak out
under the dark of night.
So that's what we're listening in the
background.
Man kills.
God creates life.
And so let's think about it.
It says that his offspring and that which
he sows will exist and endure forever.
The doorway to forever is Passover.
Now,
I understand that religious Jews don't
know that.
They celebrate Passover as the escape from
Egypt.
Not true.
Nobody left Egypt on Passover.
Nobody.
They had a nice meal,
went to bed that night,
and the firstborn sons of everyone,
including the Pharaoh, died that night.
You see, Passover is the doorway to life.
It's not the exit plan.
The exit where you separate from religious
and political corruption occurs on Matsah.
So they become immortal people.
And exists forever because Dowd opened the
door to life on Passover by fulfilling it.
He was the one who in thirty three
C.E.
was crucified by the Romans.
He wrote extensively about it in the
twenty second and eighty eight Mizmowr
Psalms.
You ought to read it.
He speaks specifically of Roman style
crucifixion.
The following day,
it was Dowd's nephesh soul that carried
the guilt of every covenant member into
Sheowl,
those black hole that is equated with
hell,
so that we would be innocent before God,
not guilty.
That is how we endure.
That's how we exist in God's presence
because we look ideal.
We look innocent before him.
All he sees is the good in us
because all the bad has been taken away.
But what does that lead to?
Ah, firstborn children, descendants,
posterity.
Bikuwrym, this goes Pesach,
doorway to life, Matsah, removal of guilt.
Bikuwrym, firstborn children, descendants,
posterity, family.
This is his offspring,
and that which he sows delivered through
Bikuwrym,
when Nod's nephesh soul was released from
Sheowl and returned to his father in
Shamaym, heaven.
Get the picture?
God's a very, very effective storyteller,
but you've got to know who the players
are and what they're talking about if you
want to capitalize.
So now God is saying of a man
who...
first life ended four years before this
was written.
This was written in year three thousand
years, nine sixty eight B.C.
That's when the cornerstone of the home
for Yahowah's name and known as the first
temple was laid.
And that is the moment that this song
was authored by God and in it of
the son whose mortality had ended
four years earlier,
he's saying that his place of honor,
dignity and authority,
as well as his adornment, his throne,
his sovereign leadership would be like the
sun, as brilliant as the sun before him,
as a conspicuous counterpart.
Now,
the reason for this is the first part
of what we just read tells us that
David would have a
second life.
And in that life,
he's going to open the door to life
for the rest of us,
perfect us so that we can exist and
endure in God's presence.
And so that he will deliver posterity on
Bikuwrym.
So in that second of three lives in
thirty three C.E.
year four thousand.
Yeah, he fulfilled Pesach,
Matsah and Bikuwrym,
enabling the statement that preceded this.
But now for him to return as brilliant
as the sun before me.
with his position of authority as a
conspicuous counterpart in Yahowah's
presence, two things have to happen,
right?
Yahowah's got to return for us to see
that or it's meaningless to us.
Another sun in a universe of two trillion
galaxies with hundreds of billions of
stars per galaxy is pretty meaningless.
It wouldn't even be worth saying.
But for God to say it to us
on this planet means that Yahowah is
returning, and indeed he is,
on Yom Kipurym in year six thousand,
two thousand years,
after Dowd's fulfillment of Pesach,
Matsah, and Bikuwrym,
Dowd and Yahowah are returning together to
fulfill
this promise.
And when that happens,
it is going to be a case where
those position as a conspicuous
counterpart in Yahowah's presence is going
to be as brilliant as the sun.
Yahowah is equating those authority,
those position relative to our planet and
life on it with the sun.
Now, if you want to understand this,
what must you do?
Well, this is my suggestion.
You go back to the first book of
the Torah and open the first chapter.
And keeping in mind that Dowd fulfilled
Pesach, Matsah, and Bikuwrym,
which enabled the first part of this
statement.
And year four thousand, yeah,
thirty three C.E.
You might want to read what Yahowah said.
Happened at that time.
What did he say?
He didn't say that he created the sun,
but he spoke.
In fact,
he even didn't even use the word for
sun, which is Shemesh.
What he said is.
That there would be.
On this fourth day.
Two luminaries, both great.
The greater of the two luminaries would
rule over this time of brightness of day.
And the lesser of the luminaries would
reflect the sun's light during the time of
darkness.
And that collectively they would serve as
signs of the Mowedym,
of these restoring witnesses of Pesach,
Matsah, Bikuwrym, Shabuwah, Taruwah,
Kipurym, and Sukah.
And so there would be the greater luminary
whose brilliance is reflected by the
lesser luminary pursuant to explaining and
fulfilling these Mowedym, these six,
these seven, excuse me,
meetings that I have been sharing with
you.
Pesach, Matsah, Bikuwrym, Dowd, fulfilled,
thirty-three CE, Shabuwah, Taruwah,
my responsibility in, well,
over the next eight years,
and then Dowd's return with Yahowah in the
year six thousand.
That is what's being conveyed here.
And it is equating Dowd,
whom this whole song has been about,
to the sun that is the greater luminary
of the fourth day of creation.
And it says that Dowd is actually Yahowah's
counterpart.
That's why earlier in this psalm,
we heard God ascribe a title and condition
to Dowd that is essentially unimaginable
from a human perspective.
And that is that Yahowah called Dowd Elyown.
So God, El, called his beloved son, Dowd,
El Ion.
El is God.
On, after a word like Shabbathown,
means all things pertaining to the
subject.
So all things pertaining to God would be
El On.
But it's El Ion with the Yod in
the middle of that.
The Yod is a hand.
It speaks of influence.
So it's everything pertaining to the
influence of God, Elyown,
God's counterpart.
And now he's saying that his seat of
honor will be as brilliant as the sun.
Do you know what Dowd's seat of honor
looks like?
Are you familiar with it?
Because I can tell you exactly what it
looks like.
It's comprised of gold.
You might have surmised that.
It has two caribou on it.
If this was a seat,
the two caribou both have wings
outstretched like they would be for your
hand rest on a chair,
arms of the chair.
The two wings that come out this way.
Their bodies of the caribou and the
caribou are in the two corners.
And then they have wings that go behind
that are the backrest for this throne.
So what is gold that has two Caribbean
winged spiritual beings on it that would
be referred to as a seat and be
exceedingly important,
particularly on the day that Dowd is
returning,
and that might somehow tie into this
rainbow that we talked about and showed a
picture of at the beginning of this
program?
It's called the papyrus.
based upon the same verb as Yom Kipurym.
Kipurym is the plural of Kippur,
which means to reconcile.
The day of reconciliations is when Dowd
and Yahowah are returning.
That is when you're going to witness this.
And when that occurs,
you should look to the Torah because the
Torah is quite explicit.
It says that on this day,
that the high priest must go in to
the most important place,
the most set apart place within the
tabernacle and anoint,
The Kippur,
the mercy seat of the Ark of the
Covenant.
First for himself with the blood of a
bull.
Sprinkles seven times on your finger.
And then the blood of a goat.
In that case it will be ElYah.
You're listening to the bull talk to you.
He is Yada.
And
This is what's going to happen.
And so the Ark of the Covenant is
the mercy seat.
It is the Kippur.
It is what is going to be as
brilliant as the sun.
Why is it going to be brilliant?
Because it's going to reflect the sun's
light and the sun is the greater luminary.
And it's going to enable the covenant
promises.
Because this very psalm,
that's what Yahowah said,
that his son is the reason that the
covenant is possible.
He enabled the benefits of the covenant,
which are eternal life,
our souls being rid of all guilt,
our adoption into God's covenant family,
our enrichment and empowerment at that
time.
Those are the five benefits of the
covenant.
Dowd is delivering all of them.
And the seat, his throne,
his position of influence is on the very
Ark of the Covenant,
which is now similar to what Noah did
as an example and built for life and
to avoid the storms and to show the
sign of the covenant by listening to
Yahowah and doing what he said all those
many years ago.
The Ark of the Covenant is his throne.
And he's going to sprinkle the blood of
a bull who's going to be sacrificed on
Taruwah as the Adam of Parah.
And the blood of the goat is that
of ElYah,
who will have served as the master of
ceremonies for the greatest show on earth
that takes place as Yahowah transforms the
earth back into the conditions of Eden and
supervises all of the festivities
associated with the sacrifice of the Adam
of Parah on Taruwah.
the incineration of all religious and
political trash,
and then the terraforming of the earth
back to the conditions experienced in
Eden.
So we have a marvelous, protective,
and sheltered place,
ideal for life over the next thousand
years,
over which time Dowd will reign as our
king.
So doesn't this also mean that Dowd has
a third life?
And there is somebody else that must have
a third life because of what follows.
When God introduced the story of the
greater and lesser luminaries in the first
chapter of Bare’syth's Genesis,
He equated the two together.
The inference was that the moon reflects
the sun's light.
So what is it that is following this
reference to being as brilliant as the
sun?
It says that he is similar to the
moon and it's the moon who is also
established forevermore while serving as
an enduring and reliable,
truthful,
and dependable witness in the universe,
in space-time,
and for all things joyful thereafter.
Wow.
I mean,
God's testimony is just alive with
meaning,
with relevance for our very moment,
with hope,
with brilliance and tremendous insights.
So not only is Dowd returning with his
seat of honor, which is the Kippur,
the very mercy seat of the Ark of
the Covenant,
which he is going to anoint with the
blood of this bull,
who is the lesser luminary, the moon,
his herald, and with the goat that's ElYah,
who has been the returning Elijah to serve
as the other witness and the master of
ceremonies throughout this glorious event.
And understand that what God said,
specifically in second Samuel six is that
Obed Edom,
which is the man from Edom in Isaiah
is going to save many at this time.
He's going to be covered in blood because
he is the sacrifice of the Adam of
Parah and that they are going to work
together to bring this into fruition.
And when Yahowah explained that to Dowd,
Dowd put on the breastplate of,
of the high priest as the Ark of
the Covenant was proceeding to its place
on the Temple Mount under the tent of
the restoring witness.
Dowd is going to be the one who
anoints the Ark of the Covenant upon his
return.
That's why he wore that breastplate of the
Ark of the Covenant when
The covenant was being,
the Ark of the Covenant was being moved
into its proper place on the Temple Mount
under the tent of the restoring witness
during Dowd's first of three lives.
This is going to be replicated when
Obed-Edom, the man from Edom,
relocates the Ark again.
It is in Jerusalem.
Yahowah's going to give him access to it.
He's going to put it back in its
proper place.
It's going to be available for Dowd when
he returns.
And it'll be his blood that is wrinkled
on it.
These are the kind of connections that are
so essential to make.
And on that day when Dowd was celebrating
the return of the Ark of the Covenant
and positioning it in its proper place,
how was he attired?
Naked.
Why was he attired naked?
Because that was the dress code in Eden,
was it not?
Where are we going back when Dowd returns
on Sukah?
To Eden.
Every nuance of his story.
Fits together and shares the same
brilliance picture.
And so now we find it similar to
the moon.
He is established.
The moon is related to the sun and
that the moon reflects the sun's light,
just like the lesser luminary reflects the
light of the sun as signs of the
Mowedym, these restoring witnesses.
And it's those two individuals,
the greater and lesser luminary,
who are tasked as mortal men to fulfill
those important events.
In fact,
they're the only two people that take an
active role in fulfilling them.
Dowd came back in his second of third
lives by his own choice to have his
Basar body crucified on Passover,
to have his nephesh soul carry our guilt
into Sheowl on Matsah,
and to celebrate firstborn children on
Bikuwrym.
And no one would know about this if
it wasn't for the lesser luminary serving
as the moon to reflect the sun's light.
Shows you the interrelationship between
us.
And this enables us to participate in the
Shabuwah harvest, which is upcoming.
And then the Taruwah gleaning,
followed by the sacrifice of the Adam of
Parah,
all of which fall under the purview and
responsibility of this moon,
this lesser luminary,
Dowd's herald in God's story.
Dowd and Yada.
They're like this.
And it's the same throughout.
They are the tree of lives and the
tree of knowledge in the garden.
They are the ram and the bull.
So similar to the moon.
He's established.
That means that our relationship together
is forever.
We will be
best buds King and Harold brothers forever
my job will be to eternally reflect those
brilliance and no one has ever done it
I don't know I can pat myself on
the back no one's ever done it as
well as I've done it not even close
I mean I've written and
Twenty-five thousand pages.
More than all of the other prophets
combined by tenfold.
To celebrate the greatest discovery in
human history, which is that Dowd, David,
is the one in his second of three
lives fulfilled, Pesach, Matsah,
and Bikuwrym, becoming our Savior.
And that Dowd is the Messiah.
He is the returning king.
He is the very son of God.
He is the chosen one.
He is the shepherd.
He is the means to enable the benefits
of the covenant.
And he is the son as the greater
luminary in the first chapter of
Bare’syth Genesis in the Torah.
He's the tree of lives in the garden.
He's God's beloved son.
He's all of those things.
and the first person not only to discern
that, but to prove it,
to explain Dowd's motivation for doing so,
to explain how Dowd came to the
understanding that he should volunteer,
to show why Yahowah came to the conclusion
that it was right for Dowd,
and for him, and for his people,
and for all people on this earth for
Dowd to do as he did.
And yet his people,
promoted two God forsaken myths to deprive
everyone of what Dowd accomplished.
First with Jesus Christ,
who never existed.
Paul created him in fifty two C.E.
You heard that correctly.
Jesus Christ never existed.
He's a goddamn lie.
No one named Jesus lived in first century
Judea.
There was no Christ.
It's a Greek title based upon the concept
of drugs.
No prophecy related to a Jesus.
All of the prophecies of somebody arriving
to do something extraordinary all have
Dowd's name in them, as does this one.
It's Dowd.
He was the one who was crucified by
his own explanation.
When you look at the prophecy in Daniel,
it talks about an arriving Mashiach to be
cut off, but not for himself.
Dowd is the one who is giving the
prophecy.
He is Gabriel,
God's most capable and courageous man.
He's speaking of himself.
That realization is the single greatest
discovery in human history,
and it is the lesser luminary revelation.
reflecting the greater luminary's
brilliance,
just as the moon reflects the sun's light,
particularly in this time of great
darkness.
It is the single greatest gift I can
give or God can give to anyone,
this recognition of what God did.
And it's not just stolen by the lie
of Jesus Christ.
And listen,
you want to have a conniption fit and
pretend that your Jesus Christ is God.
Have your head examined,
put it in the toilet and flush it.
I mean,
that's the level of your stupidity.
God is not a man.
A God that can create a universe of
two trillion galaxies,
each with hundreds of billions of stars,
each with thousands of planets,
and conceive life,
can't be smaller than the universe that he
created.
He has to be at least one dimension
beyond the universe that he created,
which is likely six dimensions of which we
perceive three and a half.
All of God won't fit into the entire
universe, much less into one galaxy,
much less into one solar system,
much less onto one planet,
much less into one continent or country,
much less into one ethnicity,
much less into one person.
It is absurd.
God is not a man.
And if I may go one step further,
men cannot kill God.
God cannot die.
The whole lie of Jesus is so utterly
absurd.
And this idea of a resurrection,
a bodily resurrection is asinine.
It's counterproductive.
The whole thing God is trying to offer
you is to free you from these.
When you get to the point where you
can be trusted by God and God can
take you off with him to go off
and explore the vastness of this universe.
You have to have your soul enveloped in
light energy,
which means you have to get rid of
these bodies,
which are just anchors keeping you on this
planet.
It's why Elon Musk's dream of having a
million people live on Mars by twenty
fifty is nothing but a fairy tale,
nothing but hype, stupidity.
No one's going to live on Mars.
Holy toxic.
And the distances are too great.
what God's offering.
He used two sources of light,
one during the day, one during the night,
to demonstrate this to you so that you
could get an appreciation of why the
throne of Dowd, which is the Kippur,
the mercy seat of the Ark of the
Covenant,
is going to be as brilliant as the
sun in his presence.
And while he is so similar to the
moon that he will be established in
Established, kun, appointed, prepared,
trusted, and set in place forever,
eternally.
When I first read this and I did
not understand the importance of greater
and lesser luminary in the first chapter
of the Torah.
before I understood that Dowd had
fulfilled Pesach, Matsah, and Bikuwrym,
and therefore earned the title of sign of
the Mowedym by having done so,
and that the purpose of the lesser
luminary was to reflect the sun's
brilliance,
I thought that God was talking about the
moon existing forever,
and that's not possible.
This entire universe that we can see bits
and pieces of at night is going to
die of entropy.
Nothing in it's going to exist forever.
Our sun won't exist forever.
Our planet will not exist forever.
The moon won't exist forever.
But when it says that this moon is
similar to the brilliance of Dowd's
position of leadership,
And that's going to exist forever.
Then we have a relationship.
Now we understand the testimony in
Bare’syth,
Genesis one of the relationship of the
greater and lesser luminary serving as
signs of the Mowedym.
They're fulfilling them to give you life
forevermore.
And what is he doing?
He's Waw-man.
He's serving forevermore this role that
God has asked me to play.
I didn't volunteer for this.
I didn't negotiate for it.
I didn't ask for it.
I'm being compensated zippo for it.
although it does have the greatest
retirement package in the history of the
universe.
And you get to work with the nicest
people in the universe.
So it's got some really nice perks,
and it's really enlightening,
and it's uplifting, and it's fun.
It's the greatest job ever.
And working is something I enjoy and Yahowah
loves.
So it's a really cool job.
but you're serving forevermore as an
enduring and reliable,
truthful and dependable, a man,
an easily verified, a confident,
trustworthy, loyal witness.
And it was written here in the nifl
participle.
Oh,
of course it was written in the nipple
participle.
What was God thinking if he would have
written it in the nipple participle?
And all of you out there saying,
what in the hell is a nipple participle?
Rich back there is waving his hand.
I've been doing this so long,
but I actually know what a nipple
participle is and celebrate.
When I see a nipple participle,
I'm all in.
What nipple means that, uh, that the, um,
subject of this verb,
which is to be truthful and dependable,
reliable and verifiable,
is not only carrying out the intent of
the verb,
but is also enduring the effect of the
verb.
So this is fully engaged.
It means that the role that God has
asked me to play,
I am serving you as a truthful and
dependable witness.
And I'm benefiting because I'm receiving
what would be considered the benefits of
being a truthful and reliable witness,
which is to be appreciated by God and
by the covenant family forever.
doing this very thing, being verifiable,
being confident, being trustworthy.
And then, of course, he is an Ed.
Now, the participle is a verbal noun.
That means that this is an entity that
is doing this,
so that Amman becomes a title.
You know, the religious, whether they be
Muslims or Jews or Christians in their
prayers and by in somebody's name,
you know,
Hashem's name or Jesus's name or in
Allah's name, amen.
Amen is a corruption of aman.
Aman is the verb.
It is, it means to be truthful,
to be honest, to be reliable,
to be verifiable, to be confident.
And
Amen is the name of an Egyptian god.
You know,
you've heard of Tutankhamen and a variety
of different pharaohs that were named
after Amen, the god of ancient Egypt.
So you don't want to end a prayer
in God's name, Amen,
because now you're praying in the name of
an Egyptian god.
But Amman is a powerful term.
And
By writing it in the participle,
what God is saying is that the individual
who can be compared to the moon in
the presence of Dowd's returning with his
authority as brilliant as the sun,
now bears the title Amon.
It serves as an actionable noun.
Therefore, it is a descriptive title.
So the Ed witness is Amon.
You say he's Amon.
He's loyal.
He's confident.
He's reliable.
He's dependable.
And his role is to serve as an
Ed.
That is a restoring witness providing
eternal testimony.
Isn't that marvelous?
Oh, by the way, where?
Where is this being that reflects the
Son's light that is consistent with the
Son's authority and be counted alongside
the Son's authority?
In God's presence, who is Amon,
trustworthy, as a witness,
where is he going to endure forever?
In the universe.
Space-time.
Everywhere.
For a thousand years after Dowd's return
on Kipurym and our reentry into Eden on
Sukah,
this is a day that Dowd and I
work together.
As I shared, Dowd fulfilled Pesach,
Matsah, and Bikuwrym.
His Basar body,
his disposable Basar body served as the
ram,
the Passover lamb on Passover and the
doorway to life.
His Nepesh soul carried our guilt into
Sheowl on Matsah to rid us of infirmity
any guilt making us look innocent in God's
eyes,
he returned to the Father to celebrate
Bikuwrym as Yah's Bekor, firstborn son,
enabling firstborn children.
Then it is the lesser luminary's
responsibility,
this restoring witness's responsibility to
fulfill the Shabuwah harvest,
which is upcoming.
And then the Taruwah gleaning followed by
is the Adamah Parah,
the sacrifice on Taruwah.
And that enables a restored mortal remnant
of Yisrael and some Goyim to be present
for Yahowah's return with Dowd when you're
going to witness
Dowd's authority being as brilliant as the
sun and God's presence.
And Yahowah was returning with him.
Five days thereafter, we enter Sukah.
And on Sukah,
it is Dowd and I working together again,
serving as the signs of the Mowedym,
because he is the tree of lives.
I am the tree of knowledge.
And we collaborate to equip Dowd.
this mortal remnant of Yisrael,
with the right approach to Yahowah and life
to earn God's trust so that they too
can join us traveling through the
universe.
And God says for all of this,
pause now and contemplate what you have
just heard.
Ms.
Moore, lyrics to sing Psalm, Psalm, Psalm,
Psalm, Psalm, Psalm, Psalm, Psalm, Psalm,
Psalm.
If this were the end of the Psalm,
at the conclusion of God's tribute song to
his beloved son.
It would already be the most important
piece of literature ever written,
a very constitution of our lives,
an owner's manual, if you will,
an operator's manual on how to get the
most out of life.
Just a quick interruption here.
There has been a really nasty bug that
has permeated this island.
One of my closest friends,
he showed up today.
He works with us four days a week,
an artist friend.
He's really a talented fellow.
He has been waylaid with it for two
weeks now.
And it starts with a sinus infection,
which I'm subject to,
and then a scratchy throat,
which you probably heard me cough over
these last two weeks, more so than normal.
And then it just renders you too weak
to be productive for two to three weeks.
And so I'm trying to avoid mind
progressing to what his did.
So for a while,
we're just going to do the one program
a week,
and I'm going to get lots and lots
of rest and drink lots of fluids to
try to minimize the likelihood that it
waylays me at this time.
So, what God has just articulated.
by way of the relationship between yada
and dot,
between the sun and the moon symbolically,
the greater and lesser luminaries from
God's perspective,
the tree of lives and the tree of
knowledge, the ram and bull,
the king and Obed-Edom.
All of this is going to be accomplished.
It's going to take root.
It's going to grow.
It's going to yield an eternal harvest.
Our king will endure.
He will return.
His offspring,
the children of the covenant, will thrive.
And he will never serve alone.
He will always have his herald.
The son's dignity, his authority,
as well as his symbols of majesty,
will be as brilliant as the sun in
his father's presence.
Adorned in the vestiges of his calling,
Dowd will become Yahowah's most conspicuous
counterpart.
I said something on our vlog on the
vlog last Sunday,
that while I have been amazingly impressed
with the renditions of Dowd and all of
our branding and outreach material that
have been produced by my wife and her
team of exceedingly artistic and creative
individuals.
But there was one that was not as
Dowdian as I wanted it to be.
And I guess it was a collaborative effort
between my wife and a really remarkable
young man that is super,
devoted to helping us convey this message,
particularly on Facebook,
where he is really active.
And he has one of the great life
stories of having fallen and gotten back
up.
But my understanding is he was one that
created that image.
I am, by design, exceedingly judgmental,
and I am also, by design, very vocal.
God made me this way for this purpose.
And I said, you know,
of all the things that we've done,
I think we could make that dote a
bit more regal.
And the reason I said that is because
of statements like this.
He's returning,
and he's as brilliant as the sun.
He is Elyown in God's presence.
He is the greater luminary son.
I want my king to appear as God's
conspicuous counterpart.
And my wife,
she is the most talented fashion designer
I have ever met.
Now,
you wouldn't know it by the way that
I dress,
but we're pretty casual around here.
But she is really stylish.
And so I just wanted Dowd to be
as God sees him, as I see him,
as we see him.
Now, speaking of the two,
just speaking of God's metaphor, the moon,
while four hundred times smaller than the
sun,
is four hundred times closer to the earth.
And that's four hundred times smaller in
diameter.
Much, much smaller than the sun than that,
but just in diameter.
And the moon,
comprised of the essence of the earth,
actually our moon was created because of
a...
of a very large planet, smaller,
of course, than the Earth,
but probably in the size of Mars,
four and a half billion years ago,
hit Earth at just the proper speed and
just the proper angle to fuse with the
Earth and send an enormous amount of the
Earth out into orbit around the Earth as
the moon.
And so the...
Moon is comprised of the same material of
the Earth.
And it is illuminated as a result of
reflecting the sun's light.
Boy,
it's been gorgeous these last few mornings
as you see a full moon in the
pre-dawn hours.
Even as the sun begins to rise in
the west, the moon is just brilliant.
And I think it's Saturn that's been
dangling below it all of this time.
It's just a marvelous sight.
So it's now we're actually seeing a full
moon during the early daylight hours, too,
as we approach this conclusion of time.
So these two, the sun and the moon,
they serve as metaphors to portray the
proper perspective to view all that God
has fulfilled through the Mowedym by
describing him as the second most
important luminary compared to his father.
But the
greater luminary compared to other men and
to myself as the lesser luminary god is
conveying to us that Down's arrivals are
important markers in time and that by by
using the sun to mark years and the
moon to mark months we know the timing
not only of the
fulfillment of the Mowedym as the
fourteenth, fifteenth,
and sixteenth day of the first month,
as seven sevens,
or forty-nine days from the heart of
Matsah to Shabuwah,
and then the Taruwah
Kipurym and Sukah on the first day of
the seventh month,
the tenth and the fifteenth day of that
month.
These are all times that are associated
with our place in the earth's orbit around
the sun and the phases of the moon.
So they are markers of the Mowedym and
they are the very men that fulfill them.
So the seven Mowedym.
are fulfilled through them.
And we are enlightened as a result of
them.
And it was in the fullness of the
moon's light also that Dowd fulfilled
Pesach and Matsah.
It's always a full moon during Pesach and
Matsah.
It's always a full moon when we return
on Sukah to the garden.
It is interesting that when Dowd fulfilled
Pesach,
and Matsah in thirty three CE.
There was a full lunar eclipse.
When Yahowah brings us back into the garden
on Sukah in twenty thirty three.
On October seventh.
There will be a full lunar eclipse.
On the day of Pesach Matsah Bikuwrym in
thirty three C.E.
that sets up this final year,
there will be a full lunar eclipse.
And on Taruwah,
which is when the lesser luminary as the
moon serves his king by laying down his
Basar body,
his life as the Adam of Parah,
his man from Edom to save this mortal
remnant of Yisrael.
there will be a full solar eclipse it's
the one time only one time where the
moon is actually possessed placed in a
position that's more important than the
sun just for that day and that's the
day that yada as the king's herald lays
down his life as
the man from Edom,
and the Adam of Parah.
It's a pretty interesting story,
the way it's all woven together, isn't it?
All so that we can be part of
Yahowah's family.
So,
while Dowd is Yahowah's most enduring and
reliable witness, he has a herald,
a Basar.
Basar, of course,
is also synonymous with body,
and it was his body that fulfilled Pesach,
and it is my body that will fulfill
Taruwah.
But the primary meaning of the word is
derived from its verbal root,
which is to be a herald,
to convey information that's important.
And ed means restoring a witness.
That's why it's the Mow'ed.
to ponder the implications of the
restoring witness to the eternal
testimony.
These are the roles that we play together.
It is why the lesser luminary is the
tree of the knowledge of good and evil.
It is why when the Choter is presented,
that he is shown as a branch.
He is called an observant branch,
a Netzar.
It is said of him that he has
roots.
It is said that he is parah, fruitful,
Adamah parah, that he is fruitful.
And it says that he has the spirit
of both etzah,
which is the counsel of that tree,
and Da'ath, of the seven spirits.
Da'ath is the sixth.
It is the etzah of Da'ath,
the tree of knowledge,
about the tree of lives.
This is God's message.
It's powerful.
It's irrefutable.
It's infinitely superior to the lie of
Jesus or of Allah or of Hashem.
It destroys the religions of Christianity,
Islam, and Judaism,
and it replaces them with the most
profoundly important, most beautiful,
most enlightening and uplifting
message that god has ever offered those
who listen and capitalize on what father
and son have achieved so I thank you
for listening I hope it has been a
beautiful day as we've tried to capture so
much of the elegance and light these long
shadows in this late afternoon over our
beautiful garden of an island
and the shimmering sea behind.
May you have a wonderful rest of your
day.